
Evelynn is a demon created around the time of the rune wars, while the war was raging there was an enormous amount of agony and suffering which demons like Evelynn could feed on.

however when the rune wars were over she couldn't just consume the agony around her and she needed it as it was her form of food, so she needed to figure out a way to get it herself.

she used the energy she had to create a form that would entice the most amount of souls therefore a hot, sexy lady. because men think with their dicks, she could bring them in with the idea they were gonna get laid, and right when they are at their peak of happiness she rips it all away to feed on the agony from the most painful thing she could induce.

She is a brutal demon that acts like she gonna fuck you but, as she says in-game, you gonna get ripped to shreds

Some of the quotes

​"A man once told me to put on some clothes. So I wore his skin."

"Their mouths say no, but their bodies say "flay me alive."

"That skin looks good on you, but it would look better on my bedroom floor."

"Rend their flesh, flay them head to toe."

​"Girls just wanna tear your throat out with their teeth."


A demon was born out of all the pain and suffering felt during wars 6,000 years ago. It cannot feel anything. It can only feel pleasure when it causes suffering to humans. It tried taking different forms, such as scary monsters, but the best form it had found was an attractive female facade

Evelynn comes from the shadows from runeterra, when the rune wars happened the shadows transformed into a demon.

The demon fed from human emotions, but after the war there was nothing to feed from anymore, since there was no more pain and grief. Therefore the demon had to create pain to feel something again. It could move unseen in the shadow and feed from all the fear like that. Now the demon had to get in touch with the humans to create fear. That's why this demon turned into a lady that was attractive for men. She would seduce them and lead them to a shadey ally just to kill them and survive.

Within the dark seams of Runeterra, the demon Evelynn Evelynn searches for her next victim. She lures in prey with the voluptuous façade of a human female, but once a person succumbs to her charms charms, Evelynn's true form true form is unleashed. She then subjects her victim to unspeakable torment, gratifying herself with their pain. To the demon, these liaisons are innocent flings. To the rest of Runeterra, they are ghoulish tales of lust gone awry and horrific reminders of the cost of wanton desire.

"What are you doing tonight? How about we get together and unlock that vast well of torment inside you?" — Evelynn

Background
Early Existence
What would become Evelynn started as a primordial, shapeless, and barely sentient entity, barely a shadow. This entity was left this way for a long time, numb to everything and barely existing for centuries.

Awakening and Adaptation
When the Rune Wars happened, thousands of people suffered and died. This stimulated the entity, and it was affected by the manic vibrations of all the suffering of the people of  Runeterra. This pleasured and nourished the entity, transforming it into a different creature, a demon that fed on the pain of others.

When the Rune wars ended, the creature was left hungry and desperate for the pleasure that others' suffering provided it. It subsequently decided that it would have to cause the pain that it needed itself.

To catch its prey, people, it would have to form itself into something tangible, but it could never make a form that didn't scare its prey away. It decided to study humans and see what they liked. By watching from the shadows, the demon was able to craft itself a form that attracted prey and learned to talk in a way that was alluring to them. As it amassed victims, it got better and better at attracting prey, until a point where it could lure prey in with ease.

Despite killing dozens, the demon isn't able to completely satiate its hunger and can only hold itself over until its next meal. Because she has never felt a pleasure so great since the Rune Wars, Evelynn dreams of a day when she can plunge the world into anarchy and feel that ecstasy again.

Recent Events
Evelynn made a cult designed to attract worshipers who would do her bidding. While traveling through Valoran with her teacher Frey, Vayne Vayne heard of this and traveled to the meeting place of the cult. Despite being injured by a member of the cult and killing her own teacher on the way, Vayne continued her journey to the meeting place with the intent of finally killing Evelynn.

Appearance
While Evelynn can change her form at will, she often takes the form of a beautiful curvaceous human woman with pink hands and claws, two "lashers" resembling twin tails, light blue skin and pink and white hair. This form includes constantly shifting "clothes" that show off most of her body.

In her shadow form, Evelynn's body becomes pitch black, her lashers obtain magenta tips and she sprouts magenta horns.

Personality
Evelynn is a predatory demon who finds pleasure in other people's pain. She inflicts pain on others to satisfy her never-ending hunger and to experience pleasure. Although she lures her prey with promises of sexual pleasure, she does not actually engage in the creation of carnal pleasures, probably because she finds no entertainment in it of her own. To close this gap, Evelynn prefers to prey on happy people, because they are the only ones with something to lose. Behind her pretty exterior hides a very sadistic, sarcastic, and hilarious nature; after all, for her, killing seduced victims is exactly the same as a love game for people who really love each other.

Under this persona, Evelynn is charming and flirty towards her victims, manipulating others towards her doom. She prefers those that live happy lives, and then brings them to the peak of ecstasy so that their agony is more intense, relishing in her cruelty.

Abilities
Demon Physiology: Evelynn is a demon, a malevolent spirit that feeds from human emotions. She has no physical form and cannot be harmed by physical weapons (unless it has magical properties). Each demon is linked to a specific emotion, in this case, Evelynn feeds from pain and agony.
Emotional Feeding: Like other demons, Evelynn can feed herself from an specific emotion, in her case pain and agony. By absorbing the agony of others, Evelynn can sustain herself for prolonged periods of time. Evelynn instinctively knows how to make one suffer.
Immortality: So long as agony and pain exists, Evelynn will exist in some form.
Shadow Magic: Evelynn is able to use shadows to form anything she desires, mostly used to form spikes to torture her victims.
Form Shift: Being a spirit, Evelynn can shift her form to fit any situation she needs, most often turning herself into a form that makes it easy to seduce people.
Invisibility: Evelynn can turn herself into an almost invisible shadow, visible only by the keenest of onlookers.
Sharp Body Parts: Evelynn often uses sharp body parts that she gives herself, such as claws and lashers, to torture and kill the people that she preys on.

Relations
Vayne Vayne
Evelynn Evelynn killed Vayne's mother and father, who were the patron and matron of House Vayne of  Demacia, in their home. Vayne came home while Evelynn killed them, and got a glimpse of her face. Vayne was scarred from this incident and dedicated her life to finding and destroying monsters, with her ultimate goal being to find Evelynn and take revenge for her mother and father.

Tahm Kench Tahm Kench
“	   ​"So how are you, River King? I see you haven't missed a meal."
— Evelynn Evelynn towards Tahm Kench Tahm Kench

Like Tahm Kench, Evelynn is classified as a demon, and they seem to know each other. She considers him a rival, as both prey on humans and do not consider sharing her food, though their choices of victims are very different.

Agony's Embrace
Biography
Evelynn was not always a skilled huntress. She began eons ago, as something primordial, shapeless, and barely sentient. This nascent wisp of shadow existed, numb and unroused by any stimulation, for centuries. It might have remained so, had the world not been upended by conflict. The Rune Wars, as they would come to be known, brought an era of mass suffering the world had never known.

As people across  Runeterra began to experience a vast array of pain, anguish, and loss, the shadow stirred. The nothingness it had known for so long had been replaced by the manic vibrations of an agonized world. The creature quivered with excitement.

As the Rune Wars escalated, the world's torment grew so intense that the shadow felt as if it might burst. It drank in all of Runeterra's pain, which it experienced as boundless pleasure. The sensation nourished the creature, and over time, it transformed into something more. It became a demon, a ravenous spiritual parasite that fed on the basest of human emotions.

When the wars finally ended, the world's suffering waned, and the demon found itself growing desperate. The only pleasure it had ever known was born of other creatures' misery. Without their pain, it felt nothing, just as it had in its earliest days.

If the world would not provide the suffering the demon needed to thrive, it would have to make its own. It needed to inflict pain on other beings so that it could experience that elation again.

At first, catching prey was a challenge for the demon. It could move undetected in its shadow form, but to touch a human, the creature needed to manifest as something tangible. It made several attempts to fashion a physical body from its shadow-flesh, but each result was more monstrous than the last, scaring off her prey.

The demon realized it needed a shape that was pleasing to humans, one that would not only lure them right into its claws, but would offer them ecstasy born of their own desires, so that their pain would be that much sweeter.

From the shadows, it began to study those it sought to prey upon. It tailored its flesh to their liking, learned to say what they wanted to hear, and to walk in a manner they found alluring.

In a matter of weeks, the demon had perfected her physique, leading dozens of enamored victims to be tortured to death at her hands. Though she relishes the exquisite pain of each of her victims, she always finds herself wanting more. Each human's desires are so small, and they always expire too soon. Their pain, too fleeting to give her anything more than tiny morsels of pleasure, is just enough to tide her over to the next feeding.

She yearns for the day she can plunge the world into utter chaos, and she can return to an existence of pure, rapturous ecstasy.

The Tallest Daisy

Short Story
The Tallest Daisy

The Tallest Daisy
Evelynn slinked through the teeming streets, the shadows of her body blending seamlessly with the night. Her eyes glinted within the gloom, though only the keenest observer would have noticed. Drunks, sailors, and harlots chatted in a nearby thoroughfare, blissfully unaware they were being watched by a demon in the dark. The demon, on the other hand, saw them all with perfect clarity, and judged them with the most discerning eye.

Evelynn’s gaze settled on a man lying in the gutter, a bottle of beet wine dangling from his hands. Ordinarily, the demon wouldn’t give a second thought to someone in his condition. But she had not fed in days, and she found herself desperate enough to consider the man, if only for a moment. It would be so easy. All she needed was to lure him to one of the numerous alleys far from the glow of the street lamps.

The thought perished as she watched a cockroach scurry across the drunk’s face. This was a man too inebriated to feel. His arousal would be vague and muted, with none of the urgent attraction she loved to see in her victims before she brought them low. She might even flay an entire arm before he mustered a scream.

And that was the problem. Over the course of countless feedings, Evelynn had learned everything about her palate: She preferred—no, needed—her victims to feel every prick, every bite, every bit of flesh she peeled away with her claws. A man in this condition would be dull and unfulfilling, scarcely worth her time.

She dismissed the drunk and continued down the muddy promenade, past the windows of a dank, candlelit tavern. A fat, belching woman threw open its door and stumbled out into the night, grasping a half-eaten turkey leg. For a moment, Evelynn considered the woman, how she might woo her into an embrace, and then into the unspeakable hell that would follow.

The demon watched as the woman wolfed down the rest of the meat, never tasting it. There was something deep inside her, a melancholy that would taint the experience.

Evelynn preferred inflicting the pain herself.

The demon moved on, gliding through the shadows of the town, over two more drunks, past a beggar asking for alms, between a couple in the midst of an argument. Evelynn found them all completely unappealing. Hurting them would be like plucking a flower that had already wilted. She preferred her daisies tall and healthy, for those were the most satisfying to cut down.

A dreadful thought overtook her. Perhaps she’d made a mistake choosing this wretched backwater as her hunting ground. Perhaps, at any moment, the thrill from her last victim might wear off, leaving only the nothingness—that utterly empty space inside her where feelings should be.

And then, she saw him…

The gentleman was positively beaming as he exited one of the high-end pubs. He was dapper without being flashy, and he hummed a jaunty tune to himself as he set off down the street with a bouquet of flowers tucked gingerly in the fold of his arm.

The two lashers on Evelynn’s back writhed with excitement. Even from a distance, she sensed this man was completely content in his own skin. She dashed after the gentleman, taking great care not to lose track of her prey or to alert him to her presence.

He walked for nearly half an hour before finally turning up a long walkway toward a modestly sized, cut-stone manor. At the end of the path, the man stepped through the heavy oak door to his home. Evelynn held her unblinking gaze on the windows of the man’s house as they lit one by one with warm candlelight. A slender, austere woman in a high-necked evening gown entered and greeted the man with a welcoming embrace. She feigned a slight surprise at the flowers he had brought, before placing them in a clean vase, right next to an old bouquet.

The demon’s interest grew.

A moment later, two children, scarcely out of diapers, ran into the room and threw their arms around the man’s legs, their wide grins sparkling with tiny teeth. Though the scene played like the epitome of domestic bliss, Evelynn knew what she would find if she probed just a little deeper.

She waited patiently, watching the candles go out one by one, until only the parlor remained lit. The man was alone, settling into a reading chair to draw on his pipe. Evelynn crept out of the shadows, her dark, wispy limbs giving way to warm flesh. Her demonic lashers disappeared behind her back, revealing a shapely female form, with curves too generous for any eye to ignore.

Her hips waggled softly as she sauntered across the lawn to the window. She was nearly arm’s length from the glass when she saw the man bolt upright from his chair at the sight of her, his pipe nearly falling from his mouth. Evelynn beckoned with a single finger, motioning for the man to join her outside.

The man crept to the front door and opened it tentatively, curious to investigate the strange beauty lurking outside his window. He approached her on the lawn with great apprehension, and greater anticipation.

“Who… are you?” he asked timidly.

“I’m whatever you want me to be,” assured the demon.

As Evelynn locked eyes with the man, she plumbed the depths of his soul and found exactly what she was looking for—that tiny lesion of discontent that festered within even the happiest person.

There it is, she thought. All that he wants and cannot have.

“My family…” the man said, unable to finish his thought.

The demon leaned close.

“Shh. It’s okay,” she whispered in the man’s ear. “I know what you want, and the guilt you feel for wanting it. Let it go.”

She pulled back to find the man hopelessly captivated.

“Can I… have you?” he asked, ashamed of his brazenness, but overcome by a strange desire to take her right there on the lawn.

“Of course, honey. That’s why I’m here,” said the demon.

He touched her face with the tips of his fingers, caressing her cheek. She held his hand firmly to her skin and released a soft, sultry chuckle. This sweet, tender, happy man would be hers tonight. He had so much pain to give, and she would take it all.

From behind them, the shuffling of slippered feet sounded from the open doorway of the house.

“Is everything okay, love?” asked the man’s wife.

“Everything’s going to be wonderful, my darling,” the demon answered for the dumbstruck man.

The deal had become even sweeter, and the prospects more enticing. There was one daisy in full flower to pluck, and one bulb to bloom while it watched.

Evelynn
Agony's Embrace
Within the dark seams of Runeterra, the demon Evelynn searches for her next victim. She lures in prey with the voluptuous façade of a human female, but once a person succumbs to her charms, Evelynn’s true form is unleashed. She then subjects her victim to unspeakable torment, gratifying herself with their pain. To the demon, these liaisons are innocent flings. To the rest of Runeterra, they are ghoulish tales of lust gone awry and horrific reminders of the cost of wanton desire.

Evelynn was not always a skilled huntress. She began eons ago, as something primordial, shapeless, and barely sentient. This nascent wisp of shadow existed, numb and unroused by any stimulation, for centuries. It might have remained so, had the world not been upended by conflict. The Rune Wars, as they would come to be known, brought an era of mass suffering the world had never known.

As people across Runeterra began to experience a vast array of pain, anguish, and loss, the shadow stirred. The nothingness it had known for so long had been replaced by the manic vibrations of an agonized world. The creature quivered with excitement.

As the Rune Wars escalated, the world’s torment grew so intense that the shadow felt as if it might burst. It drank in all of Runeterra’s pain, which it experienced as boundless pleasure. The sensation nourished the creature, and over time, it transformed into something more. It became a demon, a ravenous spiritual parasite that fed on the basest of human emotions.

When the wars finally ended, the world’s suffering waned, and the demon found itself growing desperate. The only pleasure it had ever known was born of other creatures’ misery. Without their pain, it felt nothing, just as it had in its earliest days.

If the world would not provide the suffering the demon needed to thrive, it would have to make its own. It needed to inflict pain on other beings so that it could experience that elation again.

At first, catching prey was a challenge for the demon. It could move undetected in its shadow form, but to touch a human, the creature needed to manifest as something tangible. It made several attempts to fashion a physical body from its shadow-flesh, but each result was more monstrous than the last, scaring off her prey.

The demon realized it needed a shape that was pleasing to humans, one that would not only lure them right into its claws, but would offer them ecstasy born of their own desires, so that their pain would be that much sweeter.

From the shadows, it began to study those it sought to prey upon. It tailored its flesh to their liking, learned to say what they wanted to hear, and to walk in a manner they found alluring.

In a matter of weeks, the demon had perfected her physique, leading dozens of enamored victims to be tortured to death at her hands. Though she relishes the exquisite pain of each of her victims, she always finds herself wanting more. Each human’s desires are so small, and they always expire too soon. Their pain, too fleeting to give her anything more than tiny morsels of pleasure, is just enough to tide her over to the next feeding.

She yearns for the day she can plunge the world into utter chaos, and she can return to an existence of pure, rapturous ecstasy.